[Music]
hello you beautiful people welcome back
to another video I hope you're doing
really really good and I had an amazing
week so far today we are back with a
super exciting video it is another
lounge hole best timing to do this hole
because Black Friday is coming up and
get your hands on some really really
good deals and stuff and I love this
Harvey this is when I get like the
majority of my Christmas shopping done
now my goodness me I think I'm having a
sale Nixie everything of my everyday
brass our mainly lounge and I love how
they're like good comfortable this is
the main thing comfortable everyday bras
but it's still quite sexy as well which
I really find difficult getting that
combination so loungy sale starts on
Sunday the 24th of November at 9 p.m.
and goes right through to the 2nd of
December I'm not going to ramble on I'm
gonna get straight into it I will do my
usual I will show you which piece I got
and then also show you them on this is
just like a little black bag but it came
really thick now keep that this came in
it which just explains like the return
and exchange if you haven't seen my
lounge swim definitely check that on
that because that's from where it was
amazing I wore that so much whilst I was
traveling and so yeah let's get into the
good washy so excited I love new
underwear day is oh my god I've never
actually tried the leggings before black
high-waisted reborn now I am like the
leggings Queen as you know by now I live
in like active writer gym where
loungewear you name it and these are
such a nice like stretchy but
comfortable fabric I really like the
quality of these I do think these are
like a staple of lounge I'm sure you'll
have seen these somewhere probably on
Instagram 30% off these and this has got
like a cute little Razorback I've got
them both in a small and I know I'm
gonna get a lot of wear out of this
this is just like amazing for wearing
around the house or like well into the
shop just comfortable cozy lounge where
this harvey you know often you will find
me by my fire every single night in
hibernation mode and loving how thick
these bottoms are like they're not going
to be transparent on your bum area and
i'm going to make sure i'm not i don't
wear these to gym because you know at
times I get like black leggings run to
the gym and then I never have anything
for actual loungewear I think these
would be an amazing Christmas present
like I'd be so happy with these become
in a few different colors as well so
here is the gorgeous little set I really
love this and it's really true to size
and just fit
[Music]
this is the lace magic Brian pink I
believe these are new and I have already
first impressions
there is no wire in they've got like
quite a deep kind of bra and oh my god
so so soft like that in a bit is so soft
it's like a it feels like satin and then
it's got like the lounge on the straps I
think that is so nice I don't know if
you can see I've got this in a 32d just
to let you know I will mention probably
a few times in the video I got all the
bras in a 32d and the bottoms in like a
small and and yet the lingerie was
obviously a small as well as I mentioned
I just feel like I could just live in
there oh it's also got some detail in
here that stays lounge just look at that
in a cup thought this through so well
everyone matching lace magic thumb how
beautiful is that I absolutely love
underwear that like it's all later on
the front and then goes to like this
kind of strappy thing on this side yeah
like this there's not like a load of
padding you know for those days where
you just want something a bit more
simpler and there is 25% off this set
and these are so new so you need your
hands on these babies the next is the
white ultra comfort bra even put like
little and bits of tissue you know to
keep the shape whilst it's like
traveling in the post and stuff which I
really like cups look bigger on this but
I don't know if it's because it's the
different materials for the others and
but yeah this is a comfort with an
everyday bra look at that I love the
strap like they've got like the lounge
which is just in white and I'd say the
straps are thinner compared to the ultra
he's like a ribbed cotton material say
and it also has like the under wired
support if you prefer that like that's
just personal preference I'm not too
fussy on that to be honest but I think I
think with the detail in this it still
makes it like a sexy bra rather than you
know just like the plain everyday bra
and then I got the matching
Ultra comfort ripped songs in a small
don't you can see too well because my
cameras like gonna focus but the former
side go up it if a white front vibe and
I really like that I haven't seen many
other brands do that I love the thorn
here and it's got like a thicker strap
which is gorgeous they're almost like
within box and design sense but in like
a thong thong style which is a bit of me
in the sale they have 25% off these
little selection this could be my
favorite I'm gonna cry and I wasn't
crying and this is the blossom balcony I
have this in it nearly I think every
single color that they have I just
didn't have it in a black this is like
potentially the sexiest bra ever
I always feel amazing when I wear these
ones I've got it in like a turquoise and
an orange and so I had to have it in the
black it looks so nice under like satin
shirts as well like there's just loads
you can do with these I got the matching
thong buttons these are like super high
waisted and just fit like a dream
honestly God just let a lace detailing
on the top and bottom and there is a
thumb bottom and yet you'd see they're
like quite high leg which is always so
flattering on your stomach and and that
is 25% of these in the sale as well then
also in the balcony I've got the red as
well
wow that red it's like it's such a nice
red it's not like a pinky ready that
makes any sense mesh thing round here's
where I'm getting I think that we like
more supportive I've really loved the
color of this I love the white just so
beautiful and I here are the bottoms I'm
so excited to try these on these
[Music]
then last ly I have gone for the most
classic lounge and putting it inside I
hope I've gone for the most classic
lounge underwear you could possibly in
my face is without a doubt lounges like
signature bra it is the triangle bra
this is that all Y as you can see I've
gone for like quite like black and white
and I just didn't really have I've got
so many colors and I felt like I was
lacking some so I really wanted to get
some wide and this is just such a fresh
color when I wonder she tried this style
I just thought oh no that might not suit
me but it fits gorgeously and also again
with it being such like a popular set I
would say this would be a really good
Christmas present like especially in
like a classic color I think I would
love this in like a black hole why it is
a present and let a low back cut out
there just a really nice shape but it
doesn't really do it justice holding it
in the hand like that and then I got the
matching thongs in a small again these
are like a super high on the leg
high-rise I just think is so much
flattering on every every person and
it's got a thick they at the back I like
how it's not super super thin because
that makes these are just like the comfy
sets as
[Applause]
[Music]
before I can forget to mention I will
leave my link if you do want to shop
through any of these it just supports my
relationship with the brand I really
hope you enjoyed this video let me know
in the comments down below which was
your favorite piece and also if you
haven't already don't forget to give
this video a big thumbs up and subscribe
to my channel and I'll see you guys in
the next video
[Music]
[Applause]